Add Yunohost to the list of possible installations (#6681)
terraforming-mars/terraforming-mars: README.md

## ⬤ I want to run a copy of the server on Docker
Check out our [Docker setup wiki page](https://github.com/bafolts/terraforming-mars/wiki/Docker-Setup)

(Warning, this is not aggressively supported, though some people are on the Discord.)

## ⬤ I want to run a copy on a YunoHost server
[![Install Terraforming Mars with YunoHost](https://install-app.yunohost.org/install-with-yunohost.svg)](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=terraforming-mars)

> The code describing the Yunohost is in this [GitHub repo](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/terraforming-mars_ynh)

Author: ```suggestion
The code for the Yunohost Terraforming-Mars package is in this [GitHub repo](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/terraforming-mars_ynh)
```
Yunohost is the OS, this is only a package of the app for Yunohost :)

Reviewer: Mea culpa.

> (Warning, this is not specifically supported.)

Author: ```suggestion
(Warning, this is not specifically supported. If you have an issue or a question, feel free to create an issue [here](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/terraforming-mars_ynh)
```
